Add FAQ for Unmatched Function Pattern (#1985)
vercel/docs: pages/docs/v2/platform/frequently-asked-questions.mdx

To select a single suitable region for your Serverless Functions, please read our [guide](/knowledge/choosing-deployment-regions).

## Unmatched Function Pattern

> The [`functions`](/docs/configuration#project/functions) property uses a glob pattern for each key. This pattern must match Serverless Function source files, typically in the `api` directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [`functions`](/docs/configuration#project/functions) property uses a glob pattern for each key. This pattern must match Serverless Function source files within the `api` directory.
```

> If you are using Next.js, Serverless Functions are defined in the `pages/api` directory or sometimes `src/pages/api` the directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using Next.js, Serverless Functions are defined in the `pages/api` or `src/pages/api` directory.
```

To select a single suitable region for your Serverless Functions, please read our [guide](/knowledge/choosing-deployment-regions).

## Unmatched Function Pattern

The [`functions`](/docs/configuration#project/functions) property uses a glob pattern for each key. This pattern must match Serverless Function source files within the `api` directory.

If you are using Next.js, Serverless Functions source files can be created in the following:

- `api` directory
- `pages/api` directory
- `src/pages/api` directory
- `pages` directory when the module exports [getServerSideProps](https://nextjs.org/docs/basic-features/data-fetching#getserversideprops-server-side-rendering)
- `src/pages` directory when the module exports [getServerSideProps](https://nextjs.org/docs/basic-features/data-fetching#getserversideprops-server-side-rendering)

**Not Allowed**

```json
{
  "functions": {
    "users/**/*.js": {
      "maxDuration": 30
    }
  }
}
```

**Allowed**

```json
{
  "functions": {
    "api/users/**/*.js": {
      "maxDuration": 30
    }
  }
}
```

> **Next.js**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Allowed (Next.js)**
```
